fix: replace rgba() with rgb() in code blocks (#35613)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/color_value/rgb/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> [!NOTE]

> > The `rgba()` functional notation is an alias for `rgb()`. They both work the same. It is recommend to use `rgb()`.

Author: ```suggestion
> The `rgba()` functional notation is an alias for `rgb()`. They are exactly equivalent. It is recommended to use `rgb()`.
```

rgb(from green r g b / 0.5)
rgb(from #0000FF calc(r + 40) calc(g + 40) b)
rgb(from hwb(120deg 10% 20%) r g calc(b + 200))

> * Legacy 'rgba()' alias */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* Legacy 'rgba()' alias */
```

rgba(0 255 255)

/* Legacy format */
rgb(0, 255, 255)

> rgba(0, 255, 255, 50%)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rgb(0, 255, 255, 50%)
```

Author: `rgb(0, 255, 255, 50%)` case has already been covered on line 25

Reviewer: Line 25 is the comma-less syntax though?
